[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
Great Saiyaman once again worked
closely with Videl
to save the city!
Unfortunately,
it may have been too close.
[VIDEL] Hello, Gohan.
Lovely morning.
We can stop pretending, right?
No point since
the cat's out of the bag.
You're Great Saiyaman!
[GOHAN]
Oh no!
I can't believe I spilled
the beans after going
through all that trouble
to hide my identity!
[NARRATOR]
Having finally discovered
Great Saiyaman's true identity,
Videl threatened to reveal it
to the world unless Gohan agreed
to enter the upcoming
World Martial Arts Tournament.
However, tournament
rules would require
a few modifications
to his disguise.
This so-called
tournament of yours.
I believe I'll enter as well.
[GOKU]
Sign me up, too!
Long time no see, everybody!
You're really going
to come back down here
and join the World
Martial Arts Tournament?
Uh-huh!
Turns out if I ask her nicely,
Fortune Teller Baba
will give me a
day pass to Earth.
Pretty neat, huh?
Figured this'd be
a good time to use it.
[NARRATOR] With Gohan, Vegeta,
and now Goku on board,
the World Martial
Arts Tournament
is shaping up
to be an epic event!
Who else will join the action?
Find out today!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[KRILLIN]
Huh?
Goku's entering, too?
You really mean it?
Krillin stopped shaving his head
when he gave up fighting,
but I can't get used
to seeing him with hair.
Glad to hear it.
I haven't seen him in a while.
[KRILLIN] The World Martial
Arts Tournament, huh?
Maybe I'll enter, too.
[GOHAN] Do it! I'm sure
you'll have a blast!
[KRILLIN]
Aw, who am I kidding, Gohan?
If your dad and Vegeta
are gonna compete,
I've got no chance
of winning this thing. Eh.
Besides, I don't think
my wife would go for it.
[MARRON giggles]
[KRILLIN]
There ya go, cutie.
You should enter it anyway!
If you manage to
place in the top five,
you still get some cash!
[ANDROID 18] How much prize
money are they offering?
Well, the grand prize
is 10 million zeni,
and second place is five.
Third place is three,
fourth place is two,
and fifth place is one,
so all together it's about--
You're going to enter the
tournament, understood?
Both of us are!
[KRILLIN groans]
Ten million zeni!
[ANDROID 18] See?
Listen to Marron.
[MARRON]
Go win the money, Daddy!
[giggles]
Fine, I'll enter the fight.
It's worth a shot!
Sounds like fun!
Maybe I'll do it, too!
Hey, do me a favor and don't
tell Piccolo about the tourney.
If he's in, my chances of
placing go way down.
Uh, I don't think doing
that would be very fair.
By the way, why in
the world are you wearing
that horrible get-up?
Did you lose a bet or something?
This outfit is very fashionable,
I'll have you know!
Face it, Krillin--when
it comes to clothes,
you're behind the times!
Uh...
See ya!
Really?
That sounds interesting,
I have to admit.
[GOHAN]
Doesn't it?
[PICCOLO] All right.
Count me in.
[MR. POPO]
Best of luck, Piccolo!
I will be rooting for you!
And how about you,
Dende? Want in?
No, I think I'll pass.
I've never been
that much of a warrior,
so I'd really be out
of my element there.
I have to ask.
What's the story behind
that outlandish costume?
What?
You're just as bad as Krillin!
Can you really not see
how cool my outfit is?
I am not a good judge of that.
Nor am I.
I don't have any idea where Tien
hangs out these days,
so I can't tell him.
And I'm pretty sure Bulma's
gonna give Yamcha
the heads-up about it,
so I guess that just
leaves Goten and
Mom back at home.
She's gonna be so
happy when she finds out
Dad's coming back
to Earth, even if it is
just for a single day. Heh.
And Goten's gonna
get to meet his father
for the very first time!
But I wonder.
Can I get Mom to
give me permission to
enter the World Martial
Arts Tournament?
If I go to the trouble of
competing, I want to win.
But the world's been peaceful,
and I've gotten pretty soft.
I'll have to skip school
and train like mad
so I don't get skunked.
[crickets chirping]
[CHI-CHI]
What?!
Your father's coming
back to enter the
World Martial Arts Tournament
and you mumbled
it into your food?
Why didn't you tell
me the good news the
second you stepped
through the front door?
Isn't it great?
[chuckles]
You'll get to spend the
whole day with your daddy!
Seven years he's been gone and
I'll bet he hasn't aged a day.
That's how it works
in the Otherworld, right?
If I knew he was
coming back, I'd have
made more trips
to the beauty salon!
Can you believe it?
Seven years on,
and we're going to
have ourselves a family reunion!
I'll finally get to lay eyes
on my Goku again!
[GOHAN] That's really
cool, huh, Mom.
Hey, so maybe I could
enter the tournament, too?
I'll get all gussied up!
Huh?
[GOHAN] If I win, I get ten
million zeni in prize money.
And second place
is five million, so--
Ten million zeni?
Of course you're going to
enter that tournament!
You both are!
Between the two of you,
you can easily get
15 million zeni out of this!
[GOHAN] Thanks for
the enthusiasm,
but it's not a sure
thing that I'll win.
[CHI-CHI] You watch
your mouth, mister!
I didn't raise you to
be a quitter, Gohan!
[GOHAN] Uh okay, but I'll have
to take some time off from
school if I want to be
in peak condition.
[CHI-CHI] Fine!
Drop out if you have to!
For that kind of money,
you can make it up later!
Wow! What're the odds, huh?
Just as the money from
my father starts to run out,
a windfall like this drops
straight into our laps!
Hey. So I'm gonna
start training tomorrow.
Do you want to give me a
hand out there, Goten?
Yup!
I can't wait!
[crickets chirping]
Okay.
I guess I'll start off by
turning Super Saiyan.
Now, let's do this thing!
Yeah!
[LIZARD cooing]
[GOTEN laughing]
C'mon, cut it out!
That tickles!
And you're getting
my face all drooly!
[GOTEN laughing]
[GOTEN] Gohan!
Look at what I found!
Aw, it's so adorable!
Yeah? What is it?
It's a bug!
Cool, huh?!
Uh yeah, it's great.
[GOTEN] Look it!
Up here, Gohan!
I just found the
coolest lizard ever!
C'mon! We're not up here
for the wildlife!
I gotta get in shape for
the martial arts tournament!
I can't get anything
done if you're yelling
my name every
thirty seconds, can I?
Now do some pushups or something
and stay out of my hair!
I need to focus, okay?
Seriously!
[yells]
[bellows]
[GOTEN] Look, Gohan!
You're gonna miss it!
What? What am I
gonna miss, Goten?
Aah!
You know how I caught that
lizard a little while ago?
I found a bigger one!
[laughs]
[DINOSAUR growling]
Whoa!
That was close,
are you all right?
[GOTEN]
Maybe he was too big.
What's the big idea,
messing with that thing?
You could've gotten hurt!
Just sit right there
and stay out of trouble.
Do you think
you can handle that?
Yeah, if that's what you want.
[GOHAN grunting]
[GOHAN]
Hey, Goten!
Huh?
I have a super-important
job for you,
if you still wanna help out.
Cool!
[chuckles]
[GOHAN]
There--that's plenty.
How come you
wanted me to bring
all these rocks
over here, anyway?
We're going to use
them to get my intuition
back to where it should be.
--Huh?
--Okay?
[GOTEN] I don't even
know what intuition is!
You're about to find out.
All right, listen up.
I want you to stand
at this line and toss
these rocks at me
like you mean business.
Think you can do that for me?
Mhm! Piece of cake!
All right!
Take your best shot!
Let 'er rip!
[GOTEN] But you're
standing so close to me.
Actually, you should be even
closer when you do it.
But this seems like
a good starting point.
I dunno, Gohan.
Won't you get hurt?
I'll be just fine.
Now throw those rocks
at me as hard as you can.
'Kay, but I don't think
you're gonna like it.
Yeah? Bring it!
[GOTEN]
Ready! Set! Go!
Wow! You dodged it!
Amazing!
I thought the rock was
gonna hit you for sure!
Here comes the rest of 'em!
Aah! Not so fast, Goten!
I'm calling a quick time-out!
Maybe you should
throw from way back here.
Y'know, so you don't
get bored or anything.
[GOTEN] Oh!
Good thinking, Gohan!
[GOHAN] Now I'm
getting the hang of it!
You can throw 'em from
closer, if you want to!
Move up, Goten!
Don't be shy!
Hey, is something bugging you?
Um, is it okay if I become all
super strong like you are?
[GOHAN] Huh? Sure, but
"all strong like me" how?
I wanna do that
"Super Saiyan" thing
that makes your hair
look funny.
Huh? Uh.
[laughs]
You can go Super Saiyan
if you want to,
but I think you'll need to
wait 'til you're a bit older.
Going Super Saiyan takes
a lot of intensive training.
It could take some time.
It's not the sort of thing
you just wake up one day
and decide you're
going to do--sorry, bro.
Whaaa?!
How on earth did you learn
to become Super Saiyan?
When's the first
time you did that?
[GOTEN]
Hmmm...
I don't remember!
That is so amazing!
Dad and I had to work really
hard to become Super Saiyan,
and here you just figured
it out all on your own!
[GOTEN]
Hmm.
Wow, so, in that case,
why don't we skip ahead
and try out some sparring?
You know what
that is, don't you?
It's like fighting but
you're just practicing!
Mom showed me how to do it while
you were studying at school.
Wait, our mom?
Cool, huh?
[GOHAN] I hadn't
realize just how much Mom
has changed in
the years since Dad died.
But then again, I guess letting
me skip school to train
for the tournament
should've been a clue.
Tell me something.
Going Super Saiyan is great
and all, don't get me wrong,
but does Mom know you can do it?
Mhm.
[CHI-CHI yells, grunts]
You call that sparring?
I bet your dearly
departed father
is rolling in
his grave right now!
What?!
[GOTEN]
Are you okay?
I'm sorry, Mom!
Go--Go--Go--
Goten.
I'm really sorry.
[wails]
My little baby's turned
into a delinquent.
[sobbing]
Mom got really sad
the first time it happened.
She said I looked like a
delinquent, whatever that is.
Yeah, Mom loses her mind every
time one of us goes blond!
[GOHAN] All right, Goten!
Show me what you've got!
[yells]
Aw!
Flying away's no fair!
You're no fun!
Stop cheating and
come back down here!
What? How's it
cheating to fly?
'Cause I can't fly, so how'm
I supposed to keep fighting?
Huh? Please, tell me
that you're kidding!
You randomly figured out
how to go Super Saiyan
but you can't fly,
not even a little?
Stop making fun!
Ha! Kids these days,
doing it all backwards.
Cut it out!
You flying around
when I can't is no fair,
so either teach me
how or get down here!
Whoa!
All right, all right!
Don't blow a gasket, Goten!
I'll get you zipping around
with me in no time, I promise!
Yeah? You really mean it?
[GOHAN]
Sure do!
[GOTEN] Ha-ha! Yeah!
Thank you, Gohan!
[BOTH laugh]
[GOTEN]
I'm gonna learn how to fly!
So cool!
[aircraft sound]
Wait, is that?
Don't tell me.
[GOHAN]
Videl's here!
How'd I forget?
I was so desperate for her to
keep my Saiyaman secret,
I said I'd teach
Videl how to fly, too!
[GOTEN]
Why do you look scared?
[GOHAN]
Uh, it's nothing, really.
Just looks like
you'll have some company
for your flying lesson.
Someone else is coming?
Here's the game-plan.
There's a girl from
my school who's
going to be joining us soon,
because she roped me into
showing her how to fly, okay?
But I don't want her
seeing how strong you are--
you understand, Goten?
And you definitely
can't go Super Saiyan
around her, even if
you really want to, got it?
Of course I can't!
'Cause then she's gonna
think I'm a delinquent!
Yeah, that's exactly why, Goten.
C'mon!
I'll race ya home!
[GOTEN]
Okay!
[GOTEN] You're pretty amazing,
Gohan, you know that?
I didn't hit you
with a single one
of those rocks that I threw!
I'm gonna have to train
a bunch from now on!
Don't sell yourself
short, Goten!
You did really well today!
I had no idea you
could fight like that!
Practicing with
Mom really paid off!
Y'know, if you really put your
nose to the grindstone,
maybe you can enter the World
Martial Arts Tournament, too!
You think so?
Maybe Trunks should be in
the tournament, too, then!
We pretend fight and he's
way stronger than I am!
He gets to train with Vegeta,
and Vegeta is so
much tougher than Mom!
Eh! Hold on a second!
You and Trunks spar
when you hang out,
and he's even better than you?
Uh-huh!
He always wins!
[GOHAN] Man. If I don't
keep up with my training,
these little guys
are going to give me
a run for my money!
[CHI-CHI]
Listen here!
I know what you're up to, missy!
You dropped by
hoping to snare my
innocent boy with
your feminine wiles!
Nothing could be further
from the truth, ma'am!
Ugh! Huh?
[GOHAN]
Hey!
[GOTEN]
Hi, Mom--did ya miss us?
Course I did!
So uh-- how'd you
find me way out here?
All I had to do was look in
your file at the high school.
Yeah, I shoulda guessed.
So, what's the big idea?
You just drop out of
school without telling me?
You don't get out of teaching
me how to fly that easily!
Huh? Why do you think
I'm trying to get out of it?
[CHI-CHI]
A word, Gohan!
Is it true that this very
forward girl is entering
the martial arts
tournament as well?
[GOHAN]
Far as I know, yeah.
In fact, it's thanks to
Videl here that I even
heard about the tournament
in the first place.
[VIDEL]
Hm!
Well in that case, fine!
But don't go showing Gohan
how grateful you are.
I know how
girls are these days!
I'm not gonna jump
your son, so just drop it!
Says you!
Sure, you act like you're not
chasing him, but for all I know,
the only reason you're entering
the tournament is so you
can fight Gohan, then marry
him, right then and there!
Where are
you getting this stuff?
And what kind of
crazy-woman gets married
at the World Martial Arts
Tournament anyway?
My mom got married
to my dad
at the World Martial
Arts Tournament--
does that mean
she's a crazy-woman?
[VIDEL]
Huh?
Oh, my darling little Goten!
Why would you say that?
Are you trying to
make Mommy blush?
Whoa.
What a weirdo.
I remember fighting
him at the tournament
like it was yesterday.
[CHI-CHI] And, of course,
what came after.
[sighs]
Each of those memories
is so precious to me.
That said!
If you think I'll let
history repeat itself,
you've got another thing coming!
I'm not trying
to marry your son!
I don't even want to
date him, all right?
It's never gonna
happen, so can it!
[CHI-CHI]
Why not?
Hell no!
[NARRATOR] Less than a month
remains to prepare for the
World Martial Arts Tournament,
but it seems Gohan's training
will have to be put on hold
while Videl is on the scene.
[laughs nervously]
At least, I don't
have to worry about
being bored for the
next couple of weeks.
[GOHAN] Little Goten
really surprised me today.
[NARRATOR] Unfortunately,
witnessing his younger brother's
amazing talents has
only reminded Gohan
just how much
work he still needs to do!
[GOHAN]
Better not slack off.
I don't want him
showing me up out there!
--[VIDEL] Hell no!
--[CHI-CHI] Nnngh!
[VIDEL]
Hell no!
[NARRATOR] Will Videl
stop arguing with Chi-Chi
long enough for Gohan
to teach her how to fly?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me--Goku!
That's pretty impressive!
It's not just anyone
who can learn how
to fly in a single day!
I think this Videl girl
means business, Gohan!
[VIDEL]
Hmph!
Don't lie to me, Gohan--
your little brother
is better at flying than
I am, isn't he?
Guess I'll just have to come
back tomorrow, then!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] How do
I do my own training
in the middle of all this?